Docs update (#73)
solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator: docs/type-check/introduction.md

# Type Checking

> Type checking enables the validation of deployed bytecode against local artifacts, ensuring accuracy. This facilitates developer `A`'s contract deployment, with developer `B` verifying `A`'s deployments with the type checking script. Additionally, the deploying developer can verify the deployed contract themselves, streamlining the process. Developer `A` can initiate verification by deploying the contract locally through Foundry, then compare their generated bytecode with the already on-chain version. By leveraging type checking, developers can efficiently validate contracts, enhancing transparency and security in their Solidity smart contract development workflows.

Reviewer: This should be rewritten and not use `developer A` and `developer B`. Instead it should walk through a real world example of a team of developers where one developer deploys and other developers on the team verify said deployment.

# Type Checking

Type checking enables the validation of deployed bytecode against local artifacts, ensuring accuracy. This facilitates a team of developers to verify each other's deployments with the type checking script. A developer can intiate verification of his team member's bytecode by deploying the contract locally through Foundry, then compare their generated bytecode with the already on-chain version. He can use it to verify his own deployements as well. By leveraging type checking, a team of developers can efficiently validate contracts, enhancing transparency and security in their Solidity smart contract development workflows.

> Let's take a look at a scenario. A team member deploys the old version of contracts because he forgot to pull the latest contracts, the older version that he has deployed has a bug in a single line of code. Other team members go to the etherscan to verify the code, they might miss to check whether the latest bug fix is deployed or not. Instead, if they use the type checking script they will be able to verify the deployment much more easily and effectively without having to look at each and every line of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's explore a hypothetical scenario where a team is going to deploy to Ethereum mainnet. One developer deploys an old version of contracts because he forgot to pull the latest contracts. The older version that he has deployed has a critical bug in a single line of code. Other team members go to etherscan to verify the source code looks correct, however, they might miss checking whether the latest bug fix is deployed or not. Instead, if they use the type checking script they will be able to verify the deployment automatically without having to look at and compare each and every line of code.
```
